README.md, before:

# Your Project's Name

One or two paragraphs providing an overview of your project.

Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.
 
## UX
 
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

### Content
- The text for the hero image ("Who are the essential workers?") was copied from the [South African Government - Essential services - Coronoavirus Covid-19](https://www.gov.za/Coronavirus/essential-services)
- As this is a fictitious website content from "Who will be receiving the donations?" and "When will they be helped?" sections, is made up be the [creator of this website](https://github.com/KeisGSmit?tab=repositories) - feel free to view more of his other work.
- As this is a fictitious website content from the footer is also made up. The above link will also take you to the creator of the website. 

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...
    - [The hero Image](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c6/c3/6a/c6c36a5600cdfd0089804215b5c95f04.jpg)

### Acknowledgements

- Scott (Tutor) from the Code Institute helped with errors in the navigation bar burger Icon.  
- Tim (Tutor) from the Code Institute helped with understanding and executing media queries.

Commit message:

Added content - 1
Added: Project name, description and acknowledgements

README.md, after:

# Covid Comfort

Since late December 2019, until now, the world has been changed by a pandemic. The Covid-19 (Respiratory disease) virus has spread to all the areas of the world. The scale of this pandemic can be compared to the swine flu pandemic in 2010 or the Spanish flu in 1918. The pandemic had a massive shock on the stock market. This left many essential workers with the short end of the stick. The aim of the website is to help the essential workers make ends meet. “Covid Comfort” Aims to compensate for the social divide. Essential workers normally survive on pay cheque to pay cheque and there are no extra funds for extra expenses. “Covid Comfort” wants to bridge that social issue; it aims to supply people on the front line with some funds so that they can afford personal protective equipment, help them afford their rent or just help them afford their next meal. 

We- The human race- need to come together and unite now more than ever, helping each other, to flatten the curve of the virus so that we can return to our normal lives again, as fast as possible. 

 
## UX
 
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

### Content
- The text for the hero image ("Who are the essential workers?") was copied from the [South African Government - Essential services - Coronoavirus Covid-19](https://www.gov.za/Coronavirus/essential-services)
- As this is a fictitious website content from "Who will be receiving the donations?" and "When will they be helped?" sections, is made up be the [creator of this website](https://github.com/KeisGSmit?tab=repositories) - feel free to view more of his other work.
- As this is a fictitious website content from the footer is also made up. The above link will also take you to the creator of the website. 

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...
    - [The hero Image](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c6/c3/6a/c6c36a5600cdfd0089804215b5c95f04.jpg)

### Acknowledgements

- Scott (Tutor) from the Code Institute helped with errors in the navigation bar burger Icon.  
- Tim (Tutor) from the Code Institute helped with understanding and executing media queries.
- Dick Vlaanderen (mentor) from the Code Institute helpped with wrting the Java Script code for the form validation.
